Branch manager handbook updates (#619)
kubernetes/sig-release: release-team/role-handbooks/branch-manager/README.md

* [Non-release-workflow-specific, generic gcbmgr documentation](https://github.com/kubernetes/release/blob/master/README.md)
* [Patch release notes from exercising the new gcbmgr flow](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1x-GQDZpKk3WajtSnO0axDazE9Xs2mOSVgjziIuTWNO0/edit)

# Overview
The release branch manager is responsible for cutting a version of [Kubernetes](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/releases). Each release is a three month cycle where as branch manager:
1. You will cut releases of v1.X as specified on the Timeline in `sig-release/releases/release-1.X/README.md`
1. Participate in weekly release team meetings

> 1. Fast-forward the release branch on a daily basis after it's created on week 6

Reviewer: nit: Is it always week 6? I'd rather say something like:

```suggestion
1. Fast-forward the release branch on a daily basis as soon as the release branch `release-1.X` [has been created](#branch-creation).
```

1. Commit about approximate 8 hours or less in a week of your time

> 1. You will also get to select shadows and guide them in preparation to lead the next release cycle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. You will also get to select shadows and guide them in preparation to become section leads for the next release cycle.
```

For example, as branch manager of v1.15, the release cut dates as specified in the Timeline can be found at [`sig-release/releases/release-1.15/README.md`](https://github.com/kubernetes/sig-release/tree/master/releases/release-1.15). The bulk of your time commitment is during release cut days.

## Minimum Skills

> * Familiarity with basic Unix commands and able to debug Shell scripting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Familiarity with basic Unix commands and able to debug shell scripts.
```

* `./release-notify v1.12.0-alpha.1`
* `./release-notify v1.12.0-alpha.1 --nomock --mailto=${{YOUREMAILADDRESS}}[a][b]`

> **Note**

Reviewer: nit: isn't this the same as already in https://github.com/kubernetes/sig-release/pull/619/files#diff-52866a7ca0c8666623044eeb11e59015R185 ?

Author: I feel this too, let's drop it for now.
